Document template support in OperatorPolicy (#6378)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/template_support_intro.adoc

| A set of template functions support dynamic access to Kubernetes resources and string manipulation. See _Template functions_ for more information.

| Function output storage
| The output of template functions are stored in `Policy` resource objects in each applicable managed cluster namespace on the hub cluster, before it is synced to the managed cluster. This means that any sensitive results from template functions are readable by anyone with read access to the `Policy` resource objects on the hub cluster, and anyone with read access to the `ConfigurationPolicy` or `OperatorPolicy` resource objects on the managed clusters. Additionally, if etcd encryption is enabled, the policy resource objects are not encrypted. It is best to carefully consider this when using template functions that return sensitive output (e.g. from a secret).
| The output of template functions are not stored in policy related resource objects.

| Processing
| Processing occurs at runtime on the hub cluster during propagation of replicated policies to clusters. Policies and the hub cluster templates within the policies are processed on the hub cluster only when templates are created or updated.

> | Processing occurs on the managed cluster. ConfigurationPolicies are processed periodically, which automatically updates the resolved object definition with data in the referenced resources. OperatorPolicies automatically update whenever a referenced resource changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Processing occurs on the managed cluster. Configuration policies are processed periodically, which automatically updates the resolved object definition with data in the referenced resources. Operator policies automatically update whenever a referenced resource changes.
```

> | Processing occurs on the managed cluster. ConfigurationPolicies are processed periodically, which automatically updates the resolved object definition with data in the referenced resources. OperatorPolicies automatically update whenever a referenced resource changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Processing occurs on the managed cluster. Configuration policies are processed periodically, which automatically updates the resolved object definition with data in the referenced resources. Operator policies automatically update whenever a referenced resource changes.
```

Reviewer 2: good suggestion,  go ahead and merge it.
